How come you ended up back in South Wales?
Because I married a Cardiffian during the war.
And how did you two meet?
My mother met him. He was an army officer.
And she heard we were living in Bletchley then because of the Blitz.
And Iver had men stationed in Bletchley.
And my mother heard from another Jewish lady about Iver Burke.
And she happened to see this army officer in the library.
And she introduced herself and asked him if he'd like to go for supper on Friday night.
Which he did.
And apparently my father had known Iver's parents in Merthyr and Pontefried.
And my father recognized him because Iver looked so much like his own father.
And that's how we met.
And the third time we were together, the third time Iver proposed to me within weeks of meeting me.
Yes, what a wonderful story.
Very romantic story.
Both your grandparents and yours.